{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Heavy;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-BookOblique;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green36\blue36;
\red63\green63\blue63;\red38\green38\blue38;\red0\green0\blue0;\red85\green85\blue85;\red40\green40\blue40;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c18824\c18824\c18824;
\cssrgb\c31373\c31373\c31373;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c40784\c40784\c40784;\cssrgb\c20784\c20784\c20784;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 # REFERENCES\

\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bock, G. W., Zmud, R. W., Kim, Y. G., & Lee, J. N. (2005). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.jstor.org/stable/25148669"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i Behavioral intention formation in knowledge sharing: Examining the roles of extrinsic motivators, social-psychological forces, and organizational climate.}} MIS quarterly, 87-111.\
\
Bunderson, J. S., & Sutcliffe, K. M. (2002). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2002-06724-001"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i Comparing alternative conceptualizations of functional diversity in management teams: Process and performance effects.}} Academy of management journal, 45(5), 875-893.\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Carless, S.A., & De Paola, C. (2000). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.873.4851&rep=rep1&type=pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i The measurement of cohesion in work teams.}} Small Group Research, 31, 71\'9688.\
\
Chari, R., Chang, C. C., Sauter, S. L., Sayers, E. L. P., Huang, W., & Fisher, G. G. (2021). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cdc.gov/niosh/docs/2021-110/pdf/2021-110revised052021.pdf?id=10.26616/NIOSHPUB2021110revised52021"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i NIOSH worker well-being questionnaire (WellBQ)}}.\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Edmonson, Amy. (2016). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://content.lesaffaires.com/LAF/lacom/psychological_safety.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Psychological Safety and Learning Behavior in Work Teams}}
\f2\i \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 .
\f1\i0  Administrative Science Quarterly, Vol. 44, No. 2 (Jun., 1999), pp. 350-383 Published by: Sage Publications, Inc. on behalf of the Johnson Graduate School of Management, Cornell University.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Fisher, G. G., Matthews, R. A., & Gibbons, A. M. (2016). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25894198/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i Developing and investigating the use of single-item measures in organizational research.}} Journal of occupational health psychology, 21(1), 3.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Flint, D., Haley, L. M., & McNally, J. J. (2012). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2012-15879-030"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i Dimensionality of organizational justice in a call center context. }}Psychological reports, 110(2), 677-693.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Hackman, J. R, & Oldham, G. R. \cb1  (1974). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://paulspector.com/assessment-files/other/jds-report.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i The Job Diagnostic Survey: an instrument for the diagnosis of jobs and evaluation of job redesign prospects.}}
\f2\i  
\f1\i0 Yale University. Office of Naval Research. NTIS.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Hackman, J. R, & Oldham, G. R. (1975). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://motamem.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/Hackman-Oldham-1975-Development-of-the-JDS.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i Development of the Job Diagnostic Survey.}} Journal of Applied Psychology. 60. 159-17\
\
Idaszak, J. R., & Drasgow, F. (1987). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/263917033_A_Revision_of_the_Job_Diagnostic_Survey_Elimination_of_a_Measurement_Artifact"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i A revision of the Job Diagnostic Survey: Elimination of a measurement artifact.}} Journal of applied psychology, 72(1), 69.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Kivimaki, M., & Elovainio, M. (1999). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/1999-08240-009"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i A short version of the Team Climate Inventory: Development and psychometric properties.}} Journal of occupational and organizational psychology, 72(2), 241-246.\
\
Kristensen, T. S., Hannerz, H., H\'f8gh, A., & Borg, V. (2005). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/16425585/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i The Copenhagen Psychosocial Questionnaire-a tool for the assessment and improvement of the psychosocial work environment.}} Scandinavian journal of work, environment & health, 438-449.\
\
Lee, C., Bobko, P., Early, P.C. and Locke, E.A. (1991). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1002/job.4030120602"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i An empirical analysis of a goal-setting questionnaire.}}
\f2\i  
\f1\i0 Journal of Organizational Behavior, Vol. 12 No. 6, pp. 467-82.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Lewis, Kyle. (2003). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/10597070_Measuring_Transactive_Memory_Systems_in_the_Field_Scale_Development_and_Validation"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i Measuring Transactive Memory Systems in the Field: Scale Development and Validation}}
\f2\i .
\f1\i0  The Journal of applied psychology. 88. 587-604.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Locke, E. A., & Latham, G. P. (1984). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://d1wqtxts1xzle7.cloudfront.net/46606974/0090-2616_2879_2990032-920160618-1138-1deg8fw-with-cover-page-v2.pdf?Expires=1649696045&Signature=goq1MNWn9TINi8WXoC3yez2dLgx2i8GigzWUUjm6Q5s0n1SsUtSLcVks~KKHmJqNMbYbc9nvmRDokGG2~h3FH2Jkcec77TKBtusuT5Mlq6Wr6Aw69tG5NPnTaXISAVEsHbRTQIBfUtHhJsQXwX6y9fo1AFUwSE4n279c1KkbPMiu33SCvG7F622~A-7I1HOtjsZRAr3fJhN3iVwF41gIP-We5vv783f4-VUlzO2c8kp1FkHqm8MhmAjK1R1eRX-YLawA-WMUsI0SqKt7R26vTwfcvYTW6Jb-rVG9P3sAp6jZRAwddpRYw-Ulfq6g63hCnKn27vUoge-Wi8n02~CtJQ__&Key-Pair-Id=APKAJLOHF5GGSLRBV4ZA"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i Goal setting: A motivational technique that works!}} Organizational Dynamics.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Mowday, Steers, & Porter. (1979). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://apps.dtic.mil/sti/pdfs/ADA057377.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i The measurement of organizational commitment.}} University of California Irvine. Department of Management. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Park, S. H., & Back, K. J. (2020). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7536535/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i Modified scales for organizational identification and organizational disidentification for the foodservice industry.}}
\f2\i \'a0
\f1\i0 International journal of hospitality management,\'a091, 102667.\cb1 \
\
P. Migneault, V. Rousseau, J.-S. Boudrias. (2009). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1162908809000036"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i The influence of work climate components on individual's empowerment.}} European Review of Applied Psychology, 59, 3,  239-252.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec6 Schaufeli, W. B., Shimazu, A., Hakanen, J., Salanova, M., & De Witte, H. (2019). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2017-47335-001"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i An ultra-short measure for work engagement: The UWES-3 validation across five countries.}}\'a0European Journal of Psychological Assessment, 35(4), 577\'96591.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
Simon, S. S. (2011). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.proquest.com/openview/5e403a219c2b50c8c28b9238a6e6385b/1?pq-origsite=gscholar&cbl=816381"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i The essentials of employee engagement in organizations.}} Journal of Contemporary Research in Management, 6(1), 63.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Spector, Paul E. (1985).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/216443717_Measurement_of_Human_Service_Staff_Satisfaction_Development_of_the_Job_Satisfaction_Survey"}}{\fldrslt \'a0
\f2\i Measurement of human service staff satisfaction: Development of the Job Satisfaction Survey.}}\'a0American Journal of Community Psychology,\'a013, 693-713.\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \
\
}