# REFERENCES

Bock, G. W., Zmud, R. W., Kim, Y. G., & Lee, J. N. (2005). Behavioral intention formation in knowledge sharing: Examining the roles of extrinsic motivators, social-psychological forces, and organizational climate. MIS quarterly, 87-111.

Bunderson, J. S., & Sutcliffe, K. M. (2002). Comparing alternative conceptualizations of functional diversity in management teams: Process and performance effects. Academy of management journal, 45(5), 875-893.

Carless, S.A., & De Paola, C. (2000). The measurement of cohesion in work teams. Small Group Research, 31, 71–88.

Chari, R., Chang, C. C., Sauter, S. L., Sayers, E. L. P., Huang, W., & Fisher, G. G. (2021). NIOSH worker well-being questionnaire (WellBQ).

Edmonson, Amy. (2016). Psychological Safety and Learning Behavior in Work Teams. Administrative Science Quarterly, Vol. 44, No. 2 (Jun., 1999), pp. 350-383 Published by: Sage Publications, Inc. on behalf of the Johnson Graduate School of Management, Cornell University.

Fisher, G. G., Matthews, R. A., & Gibbons, A. M. (2016). Developing and investigating the use of single-item measures in organizational research. Journal of occupational health psychology, 21(1), 3.

Flint, D., Haley, L. M., & McNally, J. J. (2012). Dimensionality of organizational justice in a call center context. Psychological reports, 110(2), 677-693.

Hackman, J. R, & Oldham, G. R.  (1974). The Job Diagnostic Survey: an instrument for the diagnosis of jobs and evaluation of job redesign prospects. Yale University. Office of Naval Research. NTIS.

Hackman, J. R, & Oldham, G. R. (1975). Development of the Job Diagnostic Survey. Journal of Applied Psychology. 60. 159-17

Idaszak, J. R., & Drasgow, F. (1987). A revision of the Job Diagnostic Survey: Elimination of a measurement artifact. Journal of applied psychology, 72(1), 69.

Kivimaki, M., & Elovainio, M. (1999). A short version of the Team Climate Inventory: Development and psychometric properties. Journal of occupational and organizational psychology, 72(2), 241-246.

Kristensen, T. S., Hannerz, H., Høgh, A., & Borg, V. (2005). The Copenhagen Psychosocial Questionnaire-a tool for the assessment and improvement of the psychosocial work environment. Scandinavian journal of work, environment & health, 438-449.

Lee, C., Bobko, P., Early, P.C. and Locke, E.A. (1991). An empirical analysis of a goal-setting questionnaire. Journal of Organizational Behavior, Vol. 12 No. 6, pp. 467-82.

Lewis, Kyle. (2003). Measuring Transactive Memory Systems in the Field: Scale Development and Validation. The Journal of applied psychology. 88. 587-604.

Locke, E. A., & Latham, G. P. (1984). Goal setting: A motivational technique that works! Organizational Dynamics.

Mowday, Steers, & Porter. (1979). The measurement of organizational commitment. University of California Irvine. Department of Management. 

Park, S. H., & Back, K. J. (2020). Modified scales for organizational identification and organizational disidentification for the foodservice industry. International journal of hospitality management, 91, 102667.

P. Migneault, V. Rousseau, J.-S. Boudrias. (2009). The influence of work climate components on individual's empowerment. European Review of Applied Psychology, 59, 3,  239-252.

Schaufeli, W. B., Shimazu, A., Hakanen, J., Salanova, M., & De Witte, H. (2019). An ultra-short measure for work engagement: The UWES-3 validation across five countries. European Journal of Psychological Assessment, 35(4), 577–591.

Simon, S. S. (2011). The essentials of employee engagement in organizations. Journal of Contemporary Research in Management, 6(1), 63.

Spector, Paul E. (1985). Measurement of human service staff satisfaction: Development of the Job Satisfaction Survey. American Journal of Community Psychology, 13, 693-713.